add workload identity docs (#223)
r-lib/gargle: vignettes/non-interactive-auth.Rmd

withr-style convenience helpers also exist: `with_gargle_verbosity()` and `local_gargle_verbosity()`.

## Workload Identity on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)

When you are authenticating upon Google Compute Engine and related services such as Cloud Run, `credentials_gce()` can be used to authenticate without having to upload a service key by reusing the service key that created the Google service.  A similar concept is available for Google Kubernetes Clusters called [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity), with some extra configuration needed to make a service account's metadata available for the GKE instance to discover.   GKE is the underlying technology behind Google's managed Airflow service, [Cloud Composer](https://cloud.google.com/composer), so this also applies to R docker files being called in that environment. 

Using Workload Identity is the recommended way to do authentication on GKE and other places if possible since it involves not downloading service keys which is a potential security risk.

> 1. Following the [docs](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity) you create a service account as normal and give it permissions and scopes needed to say upload to BigQuery, as you would before. eg. `my-service-key@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com` with `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery` scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Following the [docs](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity) you create a service account as normal and give it permissions and scopes needed to, for example, upload to BigQuery, as you would before. eg. `my-service-key@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com` with `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery` scopes
```

2.  Instead of downloading a JSON key, you instead migrate that permission by adding a policy binding to another service account within Kubernetes
3. Create the service account within Kubernetes, ideally within a new namespace:

```sh
# create namespace
kubectl create namespace my-namespace
# Create Kubernetes service account
kubectl create serviceaccount --namespace my-namespace bq-service-account 
```

4. Bind that Kubernetes service account to the service account outside of kubernetes you created in step 1, and assign it an annotation

```sh
# Create IAM policy binding betwwen k8s SA and GSA
gcloud iam service-accounts add-iam-policy-binding my-service-key@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com \
    --role roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser \
    --member "serviceAccount:my-project.svc.id.goog[my-namespace/bq-service-account]"
# Annotate k8s SA
kubectl annotate serviceaccount bq-service-account \
    --namespace my-namespace \
    iam.gke.io/gcp-service-account=my-service-key@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

> This key will now be available to add to pods within the cluster.  For Airflow, you can pass them in using the `GKEPodOperator(...., namespace='my-namespace', service_account_name='bq-service-account')`

Reviewer: Is the call to `GKEPodOperator()` R code? If so, can you add namespace qualification, e.g. `pkg::fcn()`?

Author: It is not, its Airflow code and now I look its recently updated to GKEStartPodOperator - I will update the example with a link https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/HEAD/composer/workflows/gke_operator.py

> 5. When calling the `gargle::gce_credentials()` within R, you need first make sure its using the right endpoint (`options(gargle.gce.use_ip = TRUE)`) and then call the service email that is not "default".  `gargle:::list_service_accounts()` is helpful in debugging what service accounts your Docker container can see. 

Reviewer: Do you think I should export `list_service_accounts()`? Because I have also used this function in my very limited GCE experimentation.

Author: I do think its useful and worth exporting

```r
# code within the Docker container

options(gargle.gce.use_ip = TRUE)

> gargle::credentials_gce("my-service-key@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com")

Reviewer: This could be a call to `PKG_auth(service_account = "my-service-key@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com")`, yeah? If the PKG package is using gargle in the standard way, then I think this should "just work" and is using higher-level, more user-facing functions.

Author: Yes, I'm stuck a bit with my "old" way to be sure which auth method is used, but the preferred way you specify should be encouraged
